Other sheep Jesus has,
and they serve alongside
those anointed to be
Christ’s heavenly bride.
All the things that are done
for their comfort and aid
Are things he considers
that must be repaid.
“Yes, you comforted me
in my hunger and thirst,
and whatever my need,
you came to me first.”
“Tell us, when did we do this?”
these ones will reply.
The King will then answer them,
telling them why:
“If you comforted them,
you comforted me.
“If you did it for them,
you did it for me.
“Your labors for them
were your labors for me.
“You did it for them;
you did it for me.
If you did it for them,
you did it for me.”
“You’ve been loyal to me,
doing works that are fine,
as you preach alongside
these brothers of mine.”
So the King will then say
to the sheep on his right:
“Inherit the earth
and perfection of life.”
“If you comforted them,
you comforted me.
“If you did it for them,
you did it for me.
“Your labors for them
were your labors for me.
“You did it for them;
you did it for me.
If you did it for them,
you did it for me.”